Hi, this is the solution to exercise 30. For this exercise you are asked to find the reason why you're
getting an error
and how would you fix it.
And this is output. So you get a syntax error meaning that you're not following the rules to write
Python code and then you have the explanation in which they use non-default argument follows default
argument which means that this non-default argument follows this default argument.
So how do you fix it?
Well, you just need to put the default argument after the non default argument. If you execute the
script now you don't get any error.
And you can also try out the functions to try to call the function.
Let's pass 2 and also explain to you why you need to pass a non-default argument first.
So I executed.
Now I get four.
Two plus two is four.
Or let's pass three.
So you get five.
So why do you need to pass a non-default argument first?
The reason is that sometimes you don't want to pass a value for the second argument.
But if you want you can pass one like 3 and let's say 4 for this. So in this case a will
be equal to 4.
So three plus four is seven.
But if you have this default argument in here,
so you had it like that and then you just pass three for instance,
Python will get confused.
cause it doesn't know
if you're passing 3 for b or for a and that's why you need to pass values for the non-default arguments
first so that they get a value,
all of them then if you want to pass more values then those values will be put to replace the default
argument, the default argument values.
I hope this is clear and thanks.
See you later.